Add ClientSet::PrepareSend/ServerSet::PrepareSend system sets (#506)
projectharmonia/bevy_replicon: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - `ClientSet::PrepareSend` and `ServerSet::PrepareSend` system sets. Backends should use these sets to add `PostUpdate` logic that needs to run before sending data on clients and servers.

Reviewer: Maybe name them explicitly like this?
```suggestion
- `ClientSet::Disconnect` and `ServerSet::Stop` system sets. Backends should use these sets to add `PostUpdate` logic that needs to run before sending data on clients and servers.
```

Author: Backends can put more than just disconnect or stop in these sets. Renet has `set_connecting` for example.

Reviewer: Got it! How about `PreSend`? I feel like it could be a better fit for disconnect/stop and `set_connecting`.

Author: `PreSend` doesn't have any meaning other than ordinality. I prefer system sets with semantic meaning where possible.

Reviewer: I just would expect for "Prepare" to collect some data necessary for sending, not disconnecting/stopping :thinking: 
But I'm not a native speaker, so I'll leave it up to you. Let's apply suggestions below and merge.
